Add section on "panel" type in docs/tutorial/window-customization.md (#43390)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/window-customization.md

> [overlay-css-env-vars]: https://github.com/WICG/window-controls-overlay/blob/main/explainer.md#css-environment-variables

Reviewer: One more thing is that we would want to put your new addition above line 264 where all the reference links are!

[overlay-javascript-apis]: https://github.com/WICG/window-controls-overlay/blob/main/explainer.md#javascript-apis
[Window Controls Overlay API]: https://github.com/WICG/window-controls-overlay/blob/main/explainer.md

> ## Panel windows _macOS_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create panels _macOS_
```

To achieve a floating panel that doesn't steal focus from a normal window,

> similar to how Spotlight or Alfred behave in macOS, use `type: "panel"` within `BrowserWindow`:

Reviewer: On macOS, [Panels](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/panels)
are application windows that float above other windows without stealing focus (e.g. the
native Spotlight app). To make a BrowserWindow into a panel, set `type: "panel"` in its
constructor when initializing it.

```js title='main.js'
const { BrowserWindow } = require('electron')
const win = new BrowserWindow({ type: "panel" })
```

> More details on the `type` option can be found [here](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/structures/base-window-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details on the `type` option can be found in the [BaseWindowConstructorOptions](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/api/structures/base-window-options).
```
